Update self-managed-changelog.md (#6442)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

## Release v7.8 - [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#extended-support-release-esr)

- **v7.8.6, released 2023-05-31**

>   - Fixed an issue where we unnecessarily got the total user count for every license request. We only need to know that the server has at least 1 user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the total user count was fetched for every client connection. It is only necessary to fetch this once.
```
